TODO.md, before:

# main page

- Deltete: feature, aubot , contact, user, manageger
- contact: bring to down , add informations and email
No. Name Student ID Major Email
1 Hà Thái Sơn 23BI14386 ICT <sonht.23bi14386@usth.edu.vn>
2 Nguyễn Duy Ngọc 23BI14342 ICT <ngocnd.23bi14342@usth.edu.vn>
3 Trần Quốc Thái 23BI14396 ICT <thaitq.23bi14396@usth.edu.vn>
4 Phạm Thế Minh 23BI14279 ICT <minhpt.23bi14279@usth.edu.vn>

6 Phạm Ngọc Tùng 23BI14444 ICT <tungpn.23bi14444@usth.edu.vn>

- Nghiêm Xuân Sơn      23BI14388 <sonnx.23BI14388@usth.edu.vn>
- Trần Vũ Công Minh      23BI14303

- add Lincense (to down): add MIT lincense
-Add github repo (bottom) <https://github.com/wikiepeidia/Group-project-AI-ML>
-

# User page

- Import,export page from user is in development
- Eye icon: not do anything in Export

# manager page

-Se/report: in development
-Template report: in development
-se/auto-import: template (automation)in development

- Tutorial page: not working delete.

# admin page

- numbers not counting: User, manager,...
- Recent activity: not working
- admin/roles: not working
- admin/managerL: ui in Add manager having light mode issue
-

# Workflow page

- If user access workflow page first time, display a message: DO you want a tutorial, then add links on how to make webhook from Slack, gmail, ....Convenient for user.

# Bug fixing backend?

- Finidng in progress

# Draw use case diagram

- Find 2 use case diagram-->draw.

Commit message:

MASSIVE UI revamps need TUTORIAL screen tomorrow

TODO.md, after:

# main page

- Revams:
- Deltete: feature, aubot , contact, user, manageger
- contact: bring to down , add informations and email
No. Name Student ID Major Email
1 Hà Thái Sơn 23BI14386 ICT <sonht.23bi14386@usth.edu.vn>
2 Nguyễn Duy Ngọc 23BI14342 ICT <ngocnd.23bi14342@usth.edu.vn>
3 Trần Quốc Thái 23BI14396 ICT <thaitq.23bi14396@usth.edu.vn>
4 Phạm Thế Minh 23BI14279 ICT <minhpt.23bi14279@usth.edu.vn>

6 Phạm Ngọc Tùng 23BI14444 ICT <tungpn.23bi14444@usth.edu.vn>

- Nghiêm Xuân Sơn      23BI14388 <sonnx.23BI14388@usth.edu.vn>
- Trần Vũ Công Minh      23BI14303

- add Lincense (to down): add MIT lincense
-Add github repo (bottom) <https://github.com/wikiepeidia/Group-project-AI-ML>
-

# User page

- Import,export page from user is in development (IMPLEMENT IT) (IMPLEMENT IT)
- Eye icon: not do anything in Export

# manager page

-Se/report: in development (IMPLEMENT IT) (IMPLEMENT IT) (IMPLEMENT IT)
-Template report: in development (IMPLEMENT IT) (IMPLEMENT IT)
-se/auto-import: template (automation)in development (IMPLEMENT IT) (IMPLEMENT IT)

- Tutorial page button: not working delete.

# admin page

- numbers not counting: User, manager,...
- Recent activity: not working
- admin/roles: not working
- admin/manager: ui (textboxes) in Add manager having light mode issue
-

# Workflow page

- If user access workflow page first time, display a message: DO you want a tutorial, then add links on how to make webhook from Slack, gmail, ....Convenient for user.

# Bug fixing backend?

- Finidng in progress

# Draw use case diagram

- Find 2 use case diagram-->draw.

# BUG

- WHERE is the freaking Tutorial screen and the Tutorial buttons
